---
layout: post
categories: [news]
title: MOCA Goes Global!
author: Yue Ma & Claire Mondry 
card-image: https://www.mocaspike150.org/wp/uploads/2019/03/Johnson_Shen-360x240.jpg
post-image: https://www.mocaspike150.org/wp/uploads/2019/03/Johnson_Shen.jpg
redirect_from:
  - /experience/2019-03-12-moca-goes-global
---
At the Museum of Chinese in America (MOCA), a national cultural institution that tells the untold stories in the making of America through the lens of the Chinese immigrant experience, visitors are greeted with the Chinese proverb: “*A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.*” It is our way of honoring the pioneering spirit of not only Chinese immigrants but all immigrants who sacrificed and dared to take the first step that blazed a path for future generations in America.

Throughout 2019, MOCA celebrated the 150th anniversary of the historic moment when a golden spike was driven into the ground at Promontory Summit, Utah, to mark the completion of the Transcontinental Railroad. In honor of this occasion, our Fall 2019 exhibition The Chinese Helped Build the Railroad - The Railroad Helped Build America presents the journeys of over 20,000 Chinese railroad workers and showcases the racial discrimination they faced in America after completing their work. MOCA also made history as we launched a year-long initiative "MOCA Spike 150 - Running Forward With Our Stories," rallying 1,500+ runners across the country to collectively run 150,000+ miles and telling 150+ stories. Our official charity team of 20 runners with additional 21 Spike 150 ambassadors crossed the finish line at the TCS NYC Marathon on Sunday, November 3, 2019!


MOCA is excited to become an official charity partner again for the 2020 TCS New York City Marathon in celebration of the 50th anniversary of the TCS NYC Marathon and the 40th anniversary of the Museum! MOCA welcomes you to join us in this unprecedented initiative, and welcomes runners to follow in the footsteps of this country’s first pioneers and make history.



As MOCA is currently refining runner recruitment and benefit, please send a brief statement of your interest in joining the MOCA 40 TCS New York City Marathon 2020 Team to mocaspike150@mocanyc.org! Kindly note that there is a $3,000 fundraising minimum per charity runner.



Help Spread the Word!
